[CUMULUS-2301] Read Async Operations from PG (#2294)
nasa/cumulus: CHANGELOG.md

  - Adds /version endpoint to distribution API
- **CUMULUS-2497**
  - Created `isISOFile()` to check if a CMR file is a CMR ISO file.

> - **CUMULUS-2301**

Reviewer: These CHANGELOG notes need to be moved. They're currently nested under release 9.1.0 notes but should be under "Unreleased"

Author: [`2c9bd18` (#2294)](https://github.com/nasa/cumulus/pull/2294/commits/2c9bd186888194930101931e267116772c417d7c)

      PostgreSQL database instead of DynamoDB
    - Update sf-scheduler lambda to utilize API endpoint to get provider record
      from database via Private API lambda
  - **CUMULUS-2301**
    - Updated `getAsyncOperation` to read from PostgreSQL database instead of
      DynamoDB.
    - Added `translatePostgresAsyncOperationToApiAsyncOperation` function in
      `@cumulus/db/translate/async-operation`.
    - Updated `translateApiAsyncOperationToPostgresAsyncOperation` function to

>       handle `output` for the following cases and ensure that `output` is an
>       object:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      ensure that `output` is properly translated to an object for the PostgreSQL record for the
      following cases of `output` on the incoming API record:
```

Author: [`44b3862` (#2294)](https://github.com/nasa/cumulus/pull/2294/commits/44b3862da93c36df3cc7b7e8034248a42d2f0b44)

      returns temporal info for CMR ISO 19115 SMAP XML files.
    - Updated `@cumulus/cmrjs/cmr-utils.isCmrFilename()` to include
      `isISOFile()`.
- **CUMULUS-2532**
  - Changed integration tests to use `api-client/granules` functions as opposed
    to `granulesApi` from `@cumulus/integration-tests`.
- **CUMULUS-2301**

>   - Updated `getAsyncOperation` to read from PostgreSQL database instead of

Reviewer: This note should go under the "Changed" section

Author: [`2c9bd18` (#2294)](https://github.com/nasa/cumulus/pull/2294/commits/2c9bd186888194930101931e267116772c417d7c)
